=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::CheckIssues - Retrieve count of outstanding RT and github issues for your distribution

=head1 VERSION

version 0.004

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [CheckIssues]
    rt = 1              ; default
    github = 1          ; default
    colour = 1          ; default

    [ConfirmRelease]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a L<Dist::Zilla> plugin that retrieves the RT and/or github issue
counts for your distribution before release.  Place it immediately before
C<[ConfirmRelease]> in your F<dist.ini> to give you an opportunity to abort the
release if you forgot to fix a bug or merge a pull request.

=for Pod::Coverage mvp_aliases before_release get_issues

=head1 CONFIGURATION OPTIONS

=head2 C<rt>

Checks your distribution's queue at L<https://rt.cpan.org/>. Defaults to true.
(You should leave this enabled even if you have your main issue list on github,
as sometimes tickets still end up on RT.)

=head2 C<github>

Checks the issue list on L<github|https://github.com> for your distribution; does
nothing if your distribution is not hosted on L<github|https://github.com>, as
listed in your distribution's metadata.  Defaults to true.

=head2 C<colour> or C<color>

Uses L<Term::ANSIColor> to colour-code the results according to severity.
Defaults to true.

=head2 C<repo_url>

The URL of the github repository.  This is fetched from the C<resources> field
in metadata, so it should not normally be specified manually.

=head1 FUTURE FEATURES, MAYBE

If I can find the right APIs to call, it would be nice to have a C<verbose>
option which fetches the actual titles of the open issues. Advice or patches welcome!

Possibly other issue trackers? Does anyone even use any other issue trackers
anymore? :)

=head1 SUPPORT

=for stopwords irc

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-CheckIssues>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-CheckIssues@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-CheckIssues@rt.cpan.org>).
I am also usually active on irc, as 'ether' at C<irc.perl.org>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

=for stopwords Ricardo Signes codereview

Some code was liberally stolen from Ricardo Signes's
L<codereview tool|https://github.com/rjbs/misc/blob/master/code-review>.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::MetaResources> - manually add resource information (such as git repository) to metadata

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::GithubMeta> - automatically detect and add github repository information to metadata

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Plugin::AutoMetaResources> - configuration-based resource metadata provider

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2014 by Karen Etheridge.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
